EDM Song by Markov Chains
------------------------------------------
Saniladikero osonakoluna  Blowing through  So it You gotta move over You can drive.
Most wonderful time to have to answer To eternal bliss I'm comin' fuckin' back 'cause.
Season of everything Let go, let go) I'm latching on my heart just want you.
Sight Reset the best way I need to do is- And hearts to you by.
Always trying not in a man)  And we can drive all With those around.
Soft like you've let go of a reason to lose you, babe) I could've died.
At the spot, whoa  And now, now, now, now, now, now, it's simple If.
Glories of a day) But I can't lose Our space, we've had arose and gay.
Gone That I see a, ooh, ooh  Waiting in the grind People always have.
Pleased, rub him crawling In that you've got everybody If I see a, ooh, ooh.
Once in a baby take my mind I've been through (we've lost dancing, lost, lost,.
Ahead, girl, and deliver like the rest On your love I can't lose you) I.
Everything Let go, let you feel another way that we touch, I want it in.
One, two, three, four, five Hope we lost dancing together Lipstick, no admission Take me.
Destiny  World, hold on to dust This is your money And find a gun.
Screams is my heart Pretending we're golden baby girl, don't you to lean on trains.
Pirate skulls and give my hand, you hit the measure of messing with me how.
Keeping your safety For I've compromised To eternal bliss I'm growing The good and me.
Chairs worn by the coupe, leaving this feeling down, here's the cooking Yes, I can.
Kuti nekiwa Osonakoluna, osonakoluna Osonakoluna, osonakoluna  Dancing, lost, lost, lost, lost a year There'll.
Second if you will guide us Hit me to the stick I'm livin' like us.
Quarter tank and no choice I be a King under your money All I got.
All night 'Cause the dark night With like a man)  I won't let go.
Playing with it, dancing together Music, feel alive You gotta stop Shake ayy ass Don't.
Guess I'm latching on the cooking Yes, I caught you Lo-lo-lo, love Lo-lo-lo, love tonight.
(and where we do is- And take you It's all night (ah, ah) Do what.
Devil You brought a gun All I feel your money All around  If I.
Third night With the most wonderful time of a woman For the same  Second.
The night was skippin' on  Hold courage to hear you in the candy shop.
More loneliness than the spot, whoa  I need is yours alone How it I'll.
Breathing Run run Run Run Run run System error Run run Mangle's screaming Run run.
Speak We're swaying to a reason why you Or them over You can never buy.
