POP Song by Markov Chains
------------------------------------------
Guys die by you up Oh, I'll make me, honey, tell me.
100 millón de besos todo mi cuerpo Y quemarte con estas caricias.
Juice And your woman I wanted to, I can't find I'm unstoppable.
Shoorah Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, just saying "How you write.
Again, and I really feels to make me how could smile I.
Could be alone past your hands, my eyes told you all by.
Doubt She's so electric, dance just want to find air Thought you.
Lie, guess good love, another love the paper, I'm sayin', you I.
Ay, ay, leave And when it to do  Get out by.
No way that we'll bring a cause for you can always needed.
Cry, I never seen anybody do before" They say "Dance for help,.
Rather die You can take it don't feel Oh, baby, you go.
Termines, te quedas por dentro Tu lengua en todo mi cuerpo Y.
Wasted still hear my dress and start talking? How can try, but.
(size) Add, subtract, divide ('vide) Daddy, lookin' for you, see you are.
Now he got no one, oh my, I, I beg and my.
Diorama  (Spin 'round again to know I need new You might.
Off Heading for help it, I want  We could be the.
Low (oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh" "I've never showed for me, let me.
Go, cave-in  Go ahead and Hell It's what I need to.
A-hoping that I won't evaporate This world where my sunglasses on the.
Shaking I don't know where she said All the bar  I.
Invitation to sin If I got too lo-ong, ooh Ooh Sugar .
Door tonight (tonight) You could smile I know, all (You're gonna fall,.
Trouble, but I can't be your lips on the bar) This world.
Masturbate  I need me that I'm levitating You, moonlight, you're close.
Peak (hey) Met him with you know How you I (I) someone.
Name, I know I'm so If you weakened, feel like this thing.
Hottie Slow dancing in that title, title Come on, I'll share in.
Thinkin' 'bout what I was into yours? Maybe, baby, now I could.
Parade Another rough patch to stay, need to love, to trust (ooh-ooh).
Snow, alone When the right You will be But-but-but this broken silence.
