Wait a minute, this love started out so tender, so sweet But now she got me smokin' out the window  Must've spent 35, 45 thousand up in Tiffany's (oh, no) Got her badass kids runnin' 'round my whole crib Like it's Chuck E. Cheese (whoa, whoa) Put me in a jam with her ex-man in the UFC Can't believe it (can't believe it), I'm in disbelief  This bitch got me payin' her rent, payin' for trips Diamonds on her neck, diamonds on her wrist And here I am, all alone (all alone), uh I'm so cold, I'm so cold, you got me out here  Smokin' out the window (smokin' out the window) Singin', "How could she do this to me?" (How could she do this to me?) Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me (mhmm) But I was wrong, 'cause she belong To everybody, everybody, ooh  Just the other night, she was grippin' on me tight Screamin', "Hercules" ("Hercules, Hercules") Got me in the club lookin' for a new love Someone, help me, please (help me please, help me please) Baby, why you doin' this? Why you doin' this to me, girl? Not to be dramatic, but I wanna die  This bitch got me payin' her rent, payin' for trips Diamonds on her neck, diamonds on her wrist And here I am all alone (all alone) I'm so cold, I'm so cold, you got me out here  Smokin' out the window (Smokin' out the window of the Benzo, the Benzo) Singin', "How could she do this to me?" (How?) (How could she do this?) Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me  (One thing's for sure, one thing's for sure) But I was wrong (I was wrong) 'Cause she belong (she belong) To everybody (yes, she belong to everybody) Everybody (that girl there, she belong to everybody), ooh  (Oh, no) Look here, baby, I hope you found whatever it is that you need But I also hope that your triflin' ass Is walkin' 'round barefoot in these streets Look out!  Girl, it breaks my heart that you ain't right here with me Now I gotta give you back (gotta give you back) To the city, oh, you got me  Smokin' out the window (ooh) Singin', "How could she do this to me?" (How could you?) (How could you do this, baby?) Oh, I thought that girl belonged to only me (ooh, ooh) But I was wrong (I was wrong) 'Cause she belong (she belong) To everybody (yes, she belong to everybody) Everybody (yeah, yeah, she belong to everybody), ooh Yeah I saw you dancing in a crowded room You look so happy when I'm not with you  But then you saw me, caught you by surprise A single teardrop falling from your eye  I don't know why I run away I'll make you cry when I run away  You could have asked me why I broke your heart You could've told me that you fell apart But you walked past me like I wasn't there And just pretended like you didn't care  I don't know why I run away I'll make you cry when I run away  Take me back 'cause I wanna stay Save your tears for another Save your tears for another day Save your tears for another day  So I made you think that I would always stay I said some things that I should never say Yeah, I broke your heart like someone did to mine And now you won't love me for a second time  I don't know why I run away Oh girl, I make you cry when I run away  Girl, take me back 'cause I wanna stay Save your tears for another I realize that I'm much too late And you deserve someone better Save your tears for another day (ooh, yeah) Save your tears for another day (yeah)  I don't know why I run away I'll make you cry when I run away  Save your tears for another day, ooh girl (ah) I said save your tears for another day, yeah (ah) Save your tears for another day (ah) Save your tears for another day (ah) Tell me pretty lies Look me in the face Tell me that you love me Even if it's fake 'Cause I don't fuckin' care at all  You been out all night I don't know where you've been You're slurrin' all your words Not makin' any sense But I don't fuckin' care at all  'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fuckin' care Like they ain't even there 'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fuckin' care 'Cause I'm so fuckin' scared  I'm only a fool for you And maybe you're too good for me I'm only a fool for you But I don't fuckin' care at all, oh, oooh Ooh yeah  Tell me pretty lies Look me in the face Tell me that you love me Even if it's fake 'Cause I don't fuckin' care, at all  You been out all night I don't know where you've been You're slurrin' all your words Not makin' any sense But I don't fuckin' care at all  'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fuckin' care Like they ain't even there 'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fuckin' care 'Cause I'm so fuckin' scared  I'm only a fool for you And maybe you're too good for me I'm only a fool for you But I don't fuckin' care at all, oh, ooh Ooh yeah I be so sick of you niggas, y'all contradicting I be so bored with myself, can you come and fuck me? I feel so ordinary, sad when you around me Treat me like corduroy, wear me out Arguments, you air me out Tripping 'bout your whereabouts I can't keep no conflict with you, boy, can we just rub it out? I don't want no static with you, you know you my plug And I can't shake this habit, no, oh, oh  I've been up, baby Heavy reminiscing Heavy on the "missing you" Wish shit was different than what it was (oh yeah, ayy) I've been up, baby Lost in the lie of us Lost, ain't no finding us I've been up, baby  And if you wondered if I hate you (I do) Shitty of you to make me feel just like this What I would do to make you feel just like this And if you wondered if I hate you (fuck you) Shitty of you to makе me feel just like this What I would do to make you feel just likе this  Used to be too solid 'til you scrambled me Used to be your rider, you mishandle me Used to be nonviolent 'til you ambushed me Now I'm out here wyling with you Now I'm out here, silent treatment, that mean no permission (no) Missionary getting boring, can you switch positions? (Yeah) Hard to save your soul, you don't ever listen, no (no)  I've been up, baby Heavy reminiscing Heavy on the "missing you" Wish shit was different than what it was (oh yeah, ayy) I've been up, baby Lost in the lie of us Lost, ain't no finding us I've been up, baby  And if you wondered if I hate you (I do) Shitty of you to make me feel just like this What I would do to make you feel just like this And if you wondered if I hate you (fuck you) Shitty of you to make me feel just like this What I would do to make you feel just like this I saw the fire in your eyes I saw the fire when I look into your eyes You tell me things you wanna try (uh) I know temptation is the devil in disguise You risk it all to feel alive, oh, yeah You're offering yourself to me like sacrifice You said you do this all the time Tell me you love me if I bring you to the light  It's like a dream what she feels with me She loves to be on the edge Her fantasy is okay with me Then suddenly, baby says  Take my breath away And make it last forever, babe Do it now or never, babe (ah) Take my breath away Nobody does it better, babe Bring me close to-  Want me to hold on to you tight You pull me close, I feel the heat between your thighs (uh, say) You're way too young to end your life (huh) Girl, I don't wanna be the one who pays the price  Ooh, it's like a dream what she feels with me She loves to be on the edge Her fantasy is okay with me Then suddenly, baby says  Take my breath away And make it last forever, babe Do it now or never, babe (ah) Take my breath away Nobody does it better, babe Bring me close to heaven, babe (uh) Take my breath  Oh, oh-ooh And they'll see me Oh-ooh, ooh (yeah, say) Oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-oh, oh-oh Oh-ooh-oh  Take my breath away (take my breath away) And make it last forever, babe Do it now or never, babe (ah) Take my breath away (take my breath away) Nobody does it better, babe Bring me close to heaven, babe  Take my breath (take my breath a-, breath away) (Nobody) Take my breath (take my breath a-, breath away) Nobody does it better, babe Bring me close to heaven, babe (uh) Take my breath Please, allow me to show you something  Somebody give me Yeah  Somebody give me, uh Somebody tell me the answers Me and you isn't the answer, uh Me and you isn't Maybe I'm telling myself that But there ain't nothin' that'll change that What good would it be If I knew how you felt about me? (Yeah)  It could've been right but I was wrong Only think 'bout you when I'm alone The part of me that cared inside is gone And I know, that I can't, get caught up  We could've been And we try to pretend Every now and again We don't dream about, don't think about what We could've been Though I'm holding it in 'Cause I know in the end You dream about, I think about what We could've been We could've been (Yeah) We could've (Damn)  Remember? Remember the night in Miami First time you put your arms around me I'm up reminiscing (Ooh yeah) Thinking 'bout you isn't helping Thinking 'bout you doesn't tell me What good it would do, if I decide to face the truth  It could've been right but I was wrong Only think 'bout you when I'm alone You only hit me up when she's not home And that's why, I can't, get caught up  We could've been And we try to pretend Every now and again We don't dream about, don't think about what We could've been Though I'm holding it in 'Cause I know in the end You dream about, I think about what We could've been We could've been We could've We could've been What we could've been, we could've been  What we could have been, yeah What we could've been  Ayy What we could've been What we should've been If I wasn't, if I wasn't With somebody, if you gotta hide it what's the point of trying? I ain't just your friend, no, what's the point of lying? Tryna sell a story ain't nobody buyin' Look me in my eyes, don't that feel nice? Why should it end? Baby, I could've been I could've been him, more than your friend  Just say where and when, where to make a trip Baby make a wish, be the one I'm with Should've been a-, should've, could've, would have been, ay  Yeah, I would have been (Damn) Yeah, I would have been (Yeah)  Damn, damn (Could've been) Yeah, we could've been (Oh no) Sometimes it's hard to face reality, oh, oh Even though you might get mad at me, oh, oh Sometimes it's hard to face reality  Should've been adjusted to my life Had the opportunity To stay away for the last time Now you're standin' right in front of me  It hurts me to know that I lied To try to protect your feelings You read in between the lines Hope you're heart is steady healing  Sometimes it's hard to face reality, oh, oh Even though you might get mad at me, oh, oh Sometimes it's hard to face reality  Don't be afraid to stand alone Don't be afraid to stand Outside your comfort zone I know it's hard away from home  And it ain't easy all alone Relationships over the phone Talkin' to your significant other all night long  Sometimes it's hard to face reality, oh, oh Even though you might get mad at me, oh, oh Sometimes it's hard to face reality, reality, reality... Sometimes it's hard to face reality  Love and death are quite similar How they come and go like cat burglars Reality is kinda hard to face Like actual facts is for flat-earthers  Rain's a requirement for flowers to grow And pain's a requirement for power to grow It's a miracle how one can change From one what was just hours ago  Such is life though, it's just a cycle The bigger picture and the smaller picture Are exactly the same, it's macro, micro Crack your atom and let your light glow  One day, you could be the king of pop And the next one just be "Wacko" Michael It's human nature, just like he told us Let's face reality, crack the cycle  Know it hurts to see the truth in your face Circumstances bring you down to your knees Go on and cry an ocean, but don't drown in it Enough to put your heart at ease  Oh, don't lose your self esteem I apologize, for being a man It's way harder than what it seems  Sometimes it's hard to face reality, oh, oh (reality) Even though you might get mad at me, oh Oh (you might get mad at me, but I'll be at your bedside) Sometimes it's hard to face reality (Oooh) Sometimes it's hard to face reality (Oooh) Yeah  I've been tryna call I've been on my own for long enough Maybe you can show me how to love, maybe I'm going through withdrawals You don't even have to do too much You can turn me on with just a touch, baby  I look around and Sin City's cold and empty (oh) No one's around to judge me (oh) I can't see clearly when you're gone  I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust (Hey, hey, hey)  I'm running out of time 'Cause I can see the sun light up the sky So I hit the road in overdrive, baby, oh  The city's cold and empty (oh) No one's around to judge me (oh) I can't see clearly when you're gone  I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch I said, ooh, I'm drowning in the night Oh, when I'm like this, you're the one I trust  I'm just walking by to let you know (by to let you know) I can never say it on the phone (say it on the phone) Will never let you go this time (ooh)  I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch (Hey, hey, hey)  (Hey, hey, hey)  I said, ooh, I'm blinded by the lights No, I can't sleep until I feel your touch Said baby, said baby, said baby  What you doing? (What you doing?) Where you at? (Where you at?) Oh, you got plans? (You got plans?) Don't say that (shut your trap) I'm sipping wine (sip, sip) in a robe (drip, drip) I look too good (look too good) to be alone (woo-woo) My house clean (house clean), my pool warm (pool warm) Just shaved (smooth like a newborn) We should be dancing, romancing In the east wing and the west wing Of this mansion, what's happening?  I ain't playing no games Every word that I say is coming straight from the heart So if you tryna lay in these arms  I'ma leave the door open (I'ma leave the door open) I'ma leave the door open, girl (I'ma leave the door open, hoping) That you feel the way I feel And you want me like I want you tonight, baby (Tell me that you're coming through)  Ooh, you're so sweet (so sweet), so tight (so tight) I won't bite (ah-ah), unless you like (unless you like) If you smoke (what you smoke?) I got the haze (Purple Haze) And if you're hungry, girl, I got filets (woo-woo) Ooh, baby, don't keep me (waiting) There's so much love we could be making (shamone) I'm talking kissing, cuddling Rose petals in the bathtub Girl, let's jump in, it's bubbling  I ain't playing no games Every word that I say is coming straight from the heart So (if you) if you (tryna) tryna lay in these arms  I'ma leave the door open (I'ma leave the door open) I'ma leave the door open, girl (I'ma leave the door open, hoping) That you feel the way I feel And you want me like I want you tonight, baby (Tell me that you're coming through) come on, girl  La-la-la, la-la-la-la (I need you, baby) La-la-la, la-la-la-la (I gotta see you, baby) La-la-la, la-la-la-la (girl, I'm tryna give you this) Ah-ah-ah-ah, ah-ah  Hey-hey, I'ma leave my door open, baby (I'ma leave the door open) I'ma leave, I'ma leave my door open, girl (I'ma leave the door open, hoping) and I'm hoping, hoping That you feel the way I feel And you want me like I want you tonight, baby (Tell me that you're coming through) woo! La-la-la, la-la-la-la (tell me) (Tell me that you're coming through)  Woo-woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo Woo-woo-woo-woo, woo-woo-woo, woo-woo La-la-la, la-la-la-la (la-la-la, la-la) (Tell me that you're coming through) Girl, I'm here just waiting for you (oh!) Come on over, I'll adore you (I gotta know!) La-la-la, la-la-la-la (I'm waiting, waiting, waiting) (Tell me that you're coming through) for you Girl, I'm here just waiting for you Come on over, I'll adore you La-la-la, la-la-la-la (la-la, la-la) I've been goin' through some things (oh) I struggle with my inner man (yeah, yeah) I hustle, I'll do what I can to get this money Blaq Tuxedo Don Dada on the, Don Dada on the beat  Like you, like you Like you, ooh I found it hard to find someone like you Like you, like you Send your location, come through  I can't sleep no more In my head, we belong And I can't be without you Why can't I find no one like you? I can't sleep no more In my head, we belong And I can't be without you Why can't I find no one like you?  Baby, we tried to fight it We all been there some days Thought I needed something else And acted like I was okay We just had to work it out And baby, I needed space Ain't nobody 'round here on your level You're so far away  You're pouring your heart out I'm acting like I knew You held me so down So down I never grew, oh I tried to find out When none of them came through And now I'm stuck in the middle And baby had to pull me out, oh  Like you, like you Like you, ooh I found it hard to find someone like you Like you, like you Send your location, come through (yeah)  Damn papa, you a rare breed, no comparing And it's motherfuckin' scary Tryna keep him 'cause I found him Let a hoe know I ain't motherfuckin' sharing I could take you to the parents, then to Paris Plan a motherfuckin' wedding You the type I wanna marry (yeah) and keep you merry I'll put the ring on when you ready  We play our fantasies out in real life ways and No Final Fantasy, can we end these games though? You give me energy, make me feel lightweight Like the birds of a feather, baby We real life made for each other And it's hard to keep my cool When other bitches tryna get with my dude and When other chickens tryna get in my coop 'Cause you're a one in a million There ain't no man like you  Like you, like you Like you, ooh I found it hard to find someone like you Like you, like you Send your location, come through  I can't sleep no more In my head, we belong And I can't be without you Why can't I find no one like you? I can't sleep no more In my head, we belong And I can't be without you Why can't I find no one like you? Murda on the beat, so it's not nice Booty so big (work!) Lord, have mercy (work!)  Why I keep bossing like I do? Why I keep flossing like I do? Why I keep saucing like I do? Why it keep costing like it do? All this a- up in my jeans You can't get up in between You tryna get a piece of me I can teach you a couple things (Lord, have mercy, work!)  Boy, you looking at me like I ain't give you no choice If I count to three, bet you be on your knees You wrapped 'round my hand like a Cartier, oh-oh You can't get this thickness out of your mind  He say he like that Laffy Taffy He so goofy, call me "daddy" He go stupid, he go daffy Introduce me to his pappy He can never live without me I'm so real, I'm never capping If he got it like that, like that I can take it, take it there 'Cause my Booty so big (work!) Lord, have mercy (work!)  Why I keep bossing like I do? (Boss) Why I keep flossing like I do? (Floss) Why I keep saucing like I do? (Sauce) Why it keep costing like it do? (Cost) All this a- up in my jeans You can't get up in between You tryna get a piece of me I can teach you a couple things (Lord, have mercy, work!)  Why I keep bossing like I do? (Boss) Why I keep flossing like I do? (Floss) Why I keep saucing like I do? (Sauce) Why it keep costing like it do? (Cost) All this a- up in my jeans You can't get up in between You tryna get a piece of me I can teach you a couple things (like...)  How to surf it, man, how to work it, man It's on purpose, I'm doing it big Body language, like speaking Spanglish I'll educate ya how to do this sh- Temporary, that's never rare-y I'm necessary, yeah, I am that b- You can't get this thickness out of your mind  He say he like that Laffy Taffy He so goofy, call me "daddy" He go stupid, he go daffy Introduce me to his pappy He can never live without me I'm so real, I'm never capping If he got it like that, like that I can take it, take it there 'Cause my Booty so big (work!) Lord, have mercy (work!)  Why I keep bossing like I do? (I do) Why I keep flossing like I do? (I do) Why I keep saucing like I do? Why it keep costing like it do? All this a- up in my jeans You can't get up in between You tryna get a piece of me I can teach you a couple things  Why I keep bossing like I do? (Boss) (I do) Why I keep flossing like I do? (Floss) (I do) Why I keep saucing like I do? (Sauce) Why it keep costing like it do? (Cost) All this a- up in my jeans You can't get up in between You tryna get a piece of me I can teach you a couple things Uh Dirty South (uh-huh) Can y'all really feel me? (Feel us) East Coast feel me (feel us) West Coast feel me (say what?) Dirty South (uh, here we go) Can y'all really feel me (baby girl) East Coast feel me (uh-huh) West Coast feel me (can you feel us?) Dirty South (dirty, dirty) Can y'all really feel me? (Feel it) East Coast feel me (say what?) West Coast feel me (uh-huh) Dirty South (dirty, dirty) Can y'all really feel me? East Coast feel me? West Coast feel me (ha)  Boy, I've been watching you like the hawk in the sky That fly, but you were my prey (my prey) Boy, I promise you if we keep bumpin' heads I know that one of these days (days) We gon' hook it up probably we talk on the phone But see, I don't know if that's good I've been holdin' back this secret from you I probably shouldn't tell it, but  If I, if I let you know You can't tell nobody I'm talkin' 'bout nobody Are you responsible? Boy, I gotta watch my back 'Cause I'm not just anybody Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now I'm naughty-naughty Say yes or say no 'Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody?  Boy, won't you pick me up at the park right now Up the block, while everyone's sleep? (Sleep, sleep) I'll be waiting there with my trench, my locs, my hat Just so I'm low-key If you tell the world (don't speak, you know that would be weak) Oh, boy, see I'm trusting you with my heart, my soul I probably shouldn't let you, but  If I, if I let this go You can't tell nobody I'm talkin' 'bout nobody I hope you're responsible Boy I gotta watch my back 'Cause I'm not just anybody Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now naughty-naughty Say yes or say no 'Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody  Baby girl (uh-huh), I'm the man from the big VA (what?) Won't you come play 'round my way? (Uh-huh) And listen to what I gotta say (uh-huh) Timbaland (what?), don't you know I am the man? (Uh-huh) Rock shows here to Japan (what?) Have people shaking-shaking my hand (what?) Baby girl, better known as Aaliyah (Aaliyah) Give me goosebumps and high fevers (high fevers) Makin' player haters believers (believers) Don't you know (what?) Gotta tell somebody (why?), 'cause 'Cause I really need somebody (uh-huh) Tell me you're that somebody (say what?)  If I let this go You can't tell nobody I'm talkin' 'bout nobody Are you responsible? Boy I gotta watch my back 'Cause I'm not just anybody Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now I'm naughty-naughty Say yes or say no 'Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody  You can't tell nobody I'm talkin' 'bout nobody I hope you're responsible Boy, I gotta watch my back 'Cause I'm not just anybody  Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now I'm naughty-naughty Say yes or say no 'Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody  Is it my go? Is it your go? Sometimes I'm goody-goody Right now I'm naughty-naughty 'Cause I really need somebody Tell me you're that somebody You can't tell nobody I'm talkin' 'bout nobody Boy, I gotta watch my back 'Cause I'm not just anybody Who's watching? Tell me who's watching Who's watching me?  I'm just an average man with an average life I work from 9 to 5, hey hell, I pay the price All I want is to be left alone, in my average home But why do I always feel Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?  I always feel like somebody's watchin' me And I have no privacy I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Tell me is it just a dream?  When I come home at night I bang the door real tight People call me on the phone I'm trying to avoid Or can the people on TV see me Or am I just paranoid? When I'm in the shower I'm afraid to wash my hair 'Cause I might open my eyes and find someone standing there! People say I'm crazy, just a little touched But maybe showers remind me of Psycho too much That's why  I always feel like somebody's watchin' me And I have no privacy I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Who's playing tricks on me?  Who's watching? I don't know anymore! Are the neighbours watching me? (Who's watching) Well is the mailman watching me? (Tell me who's watching) And I don't feel safe anymore, oh what a mess I wonder who's watching me now Who? The IRS?!  I always feel like somebody's watchin' me And I have no privacy I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Tell me is it just a dream?  I always feel like somebody's watchin' me And I have no privacy I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Who's playing tricks on me?  I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Ooh, whoa-oa-oa I always feel like somebody's watchin' me Tell me, can it be? (Who's watching me?)  I always feel like somebody's watching me I always feel like somebody's watching me Who's playing tricks on me? I always feel like somebody's watching me Can I have my privacy? I always feel like somebody's watching me... Something bad is 'bout to happen to me I don't know it, but I feel it coming Might be so sad, might leave my nose running I just hope she don't wanna leave me  Don't you give me up, please don't give up Honey, I belong with you, and only you, baby Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you, babe Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you  Something bad is 'bout to happen to me Why I feel this way, I don't know, baby I think of her so much, it drives me crazy I just don't want her to leave me  Don't you give me up, please don't give up Honey, I belong with you and only you, baby Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you, babe Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you  What if she's fine? It's my mind that's wrong And I just let bad thoughts Linger for far too long  What if (if) she's fine? (Fine?) It's my mind that's wrong And I just (just) let bad thoughts (thoughts) Linger for far too long  Don't you give me up, please don't give up Honey, I belong, with you, only you, baby Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you, babe Only you, my girl, only you, babe Only you, darling, only you Through drought and famine, natural disasters My baby has been around for me Kingdoms have fallen, angels be calling None of that could ever make me leave  Every time I look into your eyes I see it You're all I need Every time I get a bit inside I feel it  Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you? Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?  And when we're making love Your cries they can be heard from far and wide It's only the two of us Everything I need's between those thighs  Every time I look into your eyes I see it You're all I need Every time I get a bit inside I feel it  Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you? Oh yeah, oh yeah babe Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you?  And I'll take some time Just to be thankful That I had days full of you, you Before it winds down into The memories, it's all just memories La-la-la-la-la  If you've got someone you like (Don't you love when I come around) Somebody just tell somebody If you've got someone you like Feel something that's right Somebody just tell somebody (build you up then I take)  Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you? (Oh yeah, oh yeah babe) Ooh, who would've thought I'd get you  This feels like summer Boy you make me feel so alive Just be my lover Boy you'll lead me to paradise Ah (pressure) Mm-mm (pressure) Ooh-ooh, ooh (pressure) Yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah (Y'all know what this is)  Keep your eyes on me, eyes on me, apply that (pressure) Get it, don't be timid when you in it, apply that (pressure) Love up on it, nibble on it, leave it (pressure) I don't want no drip, baby, spray it like you mean it So fine and spicy, baby, jump up on this (pressure) I guess that's why you like it, baby, come and get this (pressure) Takes a lot to excite me, baby, give it all you got (pressure) I'm a tough cookie (come on), baby, hit the right spot  Now you textin' me, you know I won't reply (reply, pressure) Why you ain't fuck with me when I wasn't this fly? (Fly, pressure) Now I'm on top and now I'm ridin' sky-high (pressure) Don't need nobody but I'll take you down tonight  And I'm okay with bein' nasty (pressure) Too fuckin' hot for all these clothes anyway (pressure) My body drippin', boy, but you gon' have to wait (pressure) But when you get it, lick it like a candy cane  Keep your eyes on me, eyes on me, apply (pressure) Get it, don't be timid when you in it, apply (pressure) Love up on it, nibble on it, needin' (pressure) Said I don't want no drip, baby spray it like you mean it So fine and spicy, baby, jump up on it (pressure) I guess that's why you like it, baby, come and get this (pressure) Takes a lot to excite me, baby, give it all you got (pressure) I'm a tough cookie (come on), baby, hit the right spot  So bop it baby, twist it honey (pressure) Do it like you mean it darling (mm) Keep it coming (oh) Ooh, ooh-ooh (pressure) Keep me runnin', leave it messy (pressure) Go ahead and live in it, swim up in me (oh, oh)  So bop it baby, twist it honey (pressure) Do it like you mean it darling (hey) Keep it coming Ooh, ooh-ooh (pressure) Keep me runnin' (hey), leave it messy (pressure) Go ahead and live in it, swim up in me (oh, oh)  Keep your eyes on me, eyes on me, apply (pressure) Get it, don't be timid when you in it, apply (pressure) Love up on it, nibble on it, needin' (pressure) Said I don't want no drip, baby spray it like you mean it So fine and spicy, baby, jump up on it (pressure) I guess that's why you like it, baby, come and get this (pressure) Takes a lot to excite me, baby (hey, yeah) Give it all you got (pressure) I'm a tough cookie (come on), baby, hit the right spot  Yeah, yeah (ee-ee, pressure) I said, "Hit it, bae" (mm-hmm, pressure) Hit it, bae (mm-hmm, pressure) Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh Hit it, bae, yeah (ee-ee, pressure) Hit it, bae, yeah (mm-hmm, pressure) I said, "Keep me runnin'", yeah (mm-hmm, pressure) Ayy-ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy  Pressure Pressure, pressure  Pressure, pressure Oh, oh Mm, mm Oh, oh  You had me at hello Could never make you happy, girl, it must be the devil  Beautiful lies Don't break my heart, tell me beautiful lies (beautiful) She's an emotional wreck right now She's got some things on her chest right now I bet she lookin' at my text right now  So hit me back, don't me bad like that Can't take you back, left you in the past like that I'm the reason why you been in your bag like that Don't get this shit confused  You lied to me, I won't believe you again (you lied) But fuck that shit, you'll never see me again Came in my life and now you leavin' again (Came in my life and now you leavin' again) You tellin' me  Beautiful lies Don't break my heart, tell me beautiful lies Mm, I want to believe you when you say That you always loved me that way Tell me beautiful lies Beautiful lies  What can I say to you? Hopefully nothing I can't take back We're gettin' further from the right track (We're gettin' further from the right track) And I'm in this place with you, woah Where every day it's like you're under attack And we can't keep gettin' down like that  'Cause we be fallin' out, you keep fuckin' up You apologize and I suck it up I just stick around, try to toughen up Is the love enough? You're tellin' me  Beautiful lies Don't break my heart, tell me beautiful lies Mm, I want to believe you when you say That you'll always love me that way Beautiful lies (beautiful lies)  Don't wanna see you but I need your love Had to ice you out 'cause they be sleep on us Lickin' on that thing, you fell deep in love Baby, come and tell me what you need from love I'll be here, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Beautiful lies, beautiful lies  You had me at hello Could never make you happy, girl, it must be the devil  Beautiful lies Don't break my heart, tell me beautiful lies (beautiful) I want to believe you when you say That you always loved me that way Tell me beautiful lies Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm Balloons are deflated Guess they look lifeless like me We miss you on your side of the bed, mmm-mmm Still got your things here And they stare at me like souvenir' Don't wanna let you out my head  Just like the day that I met you, the day I thought forever Said that you love me, but that'll last for never It's cold outside, like when you walked out my life Why you walk out my life?  I get like this every time On these days that feel like you and me Heartbreak anniversary 'Cause I remember every time On these days that feel like you and me Heartbreak anniversary, do you ever think of me?  No No-no-no Ooh, nah  I'm building my hopes up Like presents unopened 'til this day I still see the messages you read, mmm-mmm I'm foolishly patient (foolishly patient) Can't get past the taste of your lips (taste of your lips) Don't wanna let you out my head  Just like the day that I met you, the day I thought forever Said that you love me, but that'll last for never It's cold outside, like when you walked out my life Why you walk out my life?  I get like this every time On these days that feel like you and me Heartbreak anniversary 'Cause I remember every time On these days that feel like you and me Heartbreak anniversary, do you ever think of me?  Of me? 'Cause I think of you, think of you Yeah Yeah Yeah  Your man on the road, he doin' promo You said, "Keep our business on the low-low" I'm just tryna get you out the friend zone 'Cause you look even better than the photos  I can't find your house, send me the info Drivin' through the gated residential Found out I was comin', sent your friends home Keep on tryna hide it but your friends know  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'd be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, babe  I'ma let you know and keep it simple Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple I just f- two b- 'fore I saw you And you gon' have to do it at my tempo  Always tryna send me off to rehab D- started feelin' like it's decaf I'm just tryna live life for the moment And all these motherf- want a relapse  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'd be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, babe  Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes Who are you to judge? Who are you to judge? Hide your lies, girl, hide your lies Only you to trust, only you  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'd be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm f- up, that's the real me When I'm f- up, that's the real me, babe  Ewedihalehu Yene konjo, ewedihalehu Yene fikir, fikir, fikir, fikir Yene fikir, fikir, fikir, fikir Ewedihalehu Yene konjo, ewedihalehu Lord, you know how hard it is (it is) Dealing with the pain Day to day over one man (all the shit) She can never be what I am But as long as he with me That's what it's gon' be, oh  That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) Try me, trespass Guaranteed to beat yo' ass (oh, oh) That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) It's too much for her heart to take I give no fucks 'bout what she gotta say (no, woah)  Know I'm the type to go through my nigga's phone (what you know 'bout that?) Shit be on my nerves when it keeps ringin' back to back (back, back, who the fuck is that?) "Fuck a bitch on stress", is always the mindset I'm in (I'm in, oh, oh) But an ex game is not the game I'm tryna play at all (ooh)  Is she on your mind? (On your mind) You can, gon', and do with y'all niggas always do and don't tell me (tell me, oh woah) She better understand the consequence she fuckin' with 'Cause tonight, I'll end it all Spin the block two or three times I'll make sure all the cancer's gone  That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) I got what I know she still wants (wants) And I make him do what she don't (oh, oh-oh, oh) That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) It's too much for her heart to take I give no fucks 'bout what she gotta say (oh, oh, oh) That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) Pull up to your shit unannounced (unannounced, uh, yeah) You ain't even know I was en route (route, JT)  That bitch in the ditch for a reason though She was singin' on his dick with them easy notes (yeah) You his ex for a reason, so Ain't no mo'fuckin' reason to be reasonable (damn right) You the type I'll slap out (slap out) And you mad 'cause a bitch got a bag and my back out Keep playin', I'ma snap out (snap out) Call his mo'fuckin' phone ever again, I'ma black out (black out)  Hood bitch, bring the trap out (what's up?) Quick to pull up if a bitch wanna act out He got a bitch with a check now (check now) Doin' tricks on the dick, you ain't shit for him to check 'bout (uh-huh) I got that nigga in a figure four You the help and the service he don't need no more Uh, did you get that, bitch? Sit back 'Cause a real bitch'll pull up with the click-clack  That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) I got what I wanna know she still wants (wants) And I make him do what she don't (oh, oh-oh, oh) That bitch your ex for a reason though (reason though) It's too much for her heart to take I give no fucks 'bout what she gotta say (oh, oh, oh) That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) Pull up to your shit unannounced (unannounced) You ain't even know I was en route (en route)  Ain't no competin' when it come to spendin' time with me (no way, oh) 'Cause I'ma say the shit she won't say (say) Even get up in your face with it Them and me are different, it ain't no ultimatum (zero tolerance) It's zero tolerance with anything fuckin' with mine  She done called you twice (called you twice) You can, gon', and do what y'all niggas always do and try to lie to me (ooh, woah) You better understand the consequence she fuckin' with 'Cause tonight, I'll end it all Spin the block two or three times I'll make sure all the cancer's gone  That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) I got what I wanna know she still wants (wants) And I make him do what she don't (oh, oh-oh, oh) That bitch your ex for a reason though (reason though) It's too much for her heart to take I give no fucks 'bout what she gotta say (oh, oh, oh) That bitch your ex (your ex), for a reason though (reason though) Pull up to your shit unannounced (unannounced) You ain't even know I was en route (en route) What would I do without your smart mouth? Drawing me in, and you kicking me out You've got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down  What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright  My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh-oh  How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing, it's ringing in my head for you  My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy, and I'm out of my mind  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh-oh  Give me all of you Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts Risking it all, though it's hard  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you  I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh-oh Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And take it slowly Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And make you want me  Now that I escape, sleepwalker awake Those who could relate know the world ain't cake Jail bars ain't golden gates those who fake, they break When they meet their 400 pound mate If I could rule the world, everyone would have a gun In the ghetto of course, when giddyupin' on their horse I kick a rhyme drinkin' moonshine I pour a sip on the concrete, for the deceased  But no don't weep, Wyclef's in a state of sleep Thinkin' 'bout the robbery, that I did last week Money in the bag, banker looked like a drag I want to play with pelicans from here to Baghdad Gun blast, think fast, I think I'm hit My girl pinched my hips to see if I still exist I think not, I'll send a letter to my friends A born again hooligan only to be king again  Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And take it slowly Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And make you want me  Yo, I play my enemies like a game of chess Where I rest, no stress, if you don't smoke sess, lest I must confess, my destiny's manifest In some Goretex and sweats I make treks like I'm homeless  Rap orgies with Porgy and Bess Capture your bounty like Elliot Ness, yes Bless you if you represent the Fu But I'll hex you with some witch's brew if you're Doo Doo  Voodoo, I can do what you do, easy Believe me, frontin' niggas give me heebie-jeebies So while you're imitating Al Capone I'll be Nina Simone and defacating on your microphone  Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And take it slowly  You can't run away From these styles I got, oh baby, hey, baby 'Cause I got a lot, oh, yeah And anywhere you go My whole crew's gonna know, oh baby, hey, baby You can't hide from the block, oh no  Ready or not, refugees takin' over The Buffalo soldier, dreadlock Rasta On the 12th hour, fly by in my bomber Crews run for cover, now they're under pushin' up flowers Superfly true lies, do or die (he's super fly) Toss me high, only puff la, with my crew from Lakay I refugee from Guantanamo Bay Dance around the border like I'm Cassius Clay (yes, sir)  Ready or not, here I come You can't hide (ay, yo nobody move) Gonna find you And take it slowly Ready or not, here I come You can't hide (ay, yo nobody move) Gonna find you And make you want me  Ready or not, here I come You can't hide (you know the) Gonna find you And take it slowly Ready or not, here I come You can't hide Gonna find you And make you want me Just another one champion sound Yeah Estelle we 'bout to get down Who the hottest in the world right now Just touched down in London town  Bet they give me a pound Better put the money in my hand right now Tell the promoter we need more seats We just sold out all the floor seats  Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A. I really want to come kick it with you You'll be my American boy, American boy  He said, "Hey, sister, it's really, really nice to meet ya" I just met this 5 foot 7 guy who's just my type I like the way he's speaking, his confidence is peaking Don't like his baggy jeans but I like the whats underneath them.  And no, I ain't been to MIA I heard that Cali never rains and New York heart awaits First let's see the West End, I'll show you to my best friend I'm likin' this American boy, American boy  Take me on a trip, I'd like to go someday Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A. I really want to come kick it with you You'll be my American boy, American boy  Lalalalalila  Can we get away this weekend? Take me to Broadway Let's go shopping baby then we'll go to a Cafe Let's go on the subway, take me to your hood I never been to Brooklyn and I'd like to see what's good  Dressed in all your fancy clothes Sneakers looking fresh to death, I'm lovin' those shell toes Walkin' that walk, talk that slick talk I'm likin' this American boy, American boy  Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day Take me to New York, I'd love to see L.A. I really want to come kick it with you You'll be my American boy, American boy  Who killin' em in the UK Everybody gonna say You K Reluctantly Most of this press dont f** with me Estelle once said to me cool down down Dont act like a fool now now I always act a fool ow ow Aint nothng new now now He crazy, i know what you thinking. Ribena, I know what you're drinking . Rap singer, chain blinger Holla at the next chick while you blinking Whats your persona About this americana Brama in my shadow Cause all my clothes designer  Oh, dress smart like a London Bloke And you thought his suit bespoke Look at this P Coat, tell me hes broke And I know you're not into all that I heard your lyrics, i feel your spirit But i still talk that caassh 'Cause a lot of wags wanna hear it And Im feeling like Mike at his baddest Like the pips at they Gladys And i know they love it, So to hell with all that Rubbish  Would you be my love, my love? Would you be mine Would you be my love, my love? Could you be mine? Could you be my love, my love? Oh Would you be my American boy, American boy?  Take me on a trip, I'd like to go some day Take me to Chicago, San Fransisco Bay I really want to come kick it with you You'll be my American boy, American boy  Lalalalallila We can boogie down, down, upon down The boogie down, down, upon down The boogie down, down, upon down The boogie down, down  Let's groove tonight Share the spice of life Baby slice it right We're gonna groove tonight  Let this groove, get you to move It's alright, alright, alright Let this groove, set in your shoes So stand up, alright, alright  Gonna tell ya what you can do With my love, alright Let you know girl you're looking good You're outta sight, alright  Just move yourself and glide like a 747 And lose yourself in the sky among the clouds in the heaven cause  Let this groove, light up your fuse It's alright, alright, alright, oo oh oh Let this groove, set in your shoes So stand up alright, alright  Let me tell ya what you can do With my love, alright Gotta let you know girl you're looking good You're outta sight, alright  Just tell the DJ To play your favourite tune Then you know it's okay What you found is happening now, oh  Let this groove, light up your fuse, it's alright, alright, alright Let this groove, set in your shoes, so stand up, stand up, alright Let this groove, get you to move, it's alright, alright, alright, yeah Let this groove set in your shoes, so stand up, alright, alright  You will find peace of mind on the floor Take a little time, come and see, you and me Give a little sign, I'll be there after a while If you want my love  We can boogie on down, down Boogie on down, down We boogie on down, down We boogie on down, on down (boogie!)  Let's groove tonight Share the spice of life Baby slice it right We're gonna groove tonight  Let this groove, light up your fuse, it's alright, alright, alright, oh Let this groove set in your shoes, so stand up, alright, alright Let this groove, get you to move it's alright, alright, alright, oo oh oh Let this groove set in your shoes, so stand up, alright, alright  You just move yourself, yourself You just move yourself, mmmmmm Groove tonight, huh Share the spice of life Baby slice it right We gonna groove tonight, oh yeah You just move yourself, mmmmmm You just move yourself Just move, yeah Hey, alright  Let this groove, light up your fuse, it's alright, alright, alright Let this groove, set in your shoes, so stand up, stand up, alright Daylight I wake up feeling like you won't play right I used to know, but now that shit don't feel right It made me put away my pride So long You made a nigga wait for some, so long You make it hard for a boy like that to go wrong I'm wishing I could make this mine, oh  If you want it, yeah You can have it, oh, oh, oh If you need it, oooh We can make it, oh If you want it You can have it  But stay woke Niggas creepin' They gon' find you Gon' catch you sleepin' (Oooh) Now stay woke Niggas creepin' Now don't you close your eyes  Too late You wanna make it right, but now it's too late My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid I'm trying not to waste my time  If you want it, oh You can have it, you can have it If you need it You better believe in something We can make it If you want it You can have it, aaaaah!  But stay woke Niggas creepin' They gon' find you Gon' catch you sleepin' Put your hands up on me Now stay woke Niggas creepin' Now, don't you close your eyes But stay woke Niggas creepin' They gon' find you Gon' catch you sleepin', ooh Now stay woke Niggas creepin' Now, don't you close your eyes  Baby get so scandalous, oh How'd it get so scandalous? Oh, oh, baby, you... How'd it get... How'd it get so scandalous? Ooh, we get so scandalous But stay woke But stay woke Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so  Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so  It's been a long time since you (fell in love) You ain't coming out your shell You ain't really been yourself Tell me, what must I do? (Do tell, my love) 'Cause luckily, I'm good at reading I wouldn't bug him, but he won't stop cheesin' And we can dance all day around it If you frontin', I'll be bouncing If you want it, scream it, shout it, babe Before I leave you dry  Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so  Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so (yeah)  Let me check my chest, my breath right quick (ha) He ain't ever seen it in a dress like this (ah) He ain't ever even been impressed like this Prolly why I got him quiet on the set like zip Like it, love it, need it, bad Take it, own it, steal it, fast Boy, stop playing, grab my ass Why you actin' like you shy? (Hot) Shut it, save it, keep it, pushin' Why you beating 'round the bush? Knowin' you want all this woman Never knock it 'til you try (yah, yah)  All of them bitches hating I have you with me All of my niggas saying you mad committed Realer than anybody you had, and pretty All of that body-ody, the ass and titties  Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so  Day to night to morning Keep with me in the moment I'd let you had I known it Why don't you say so? Didn't even notice No punches left to roll with You got to keep me focused You want it? Say so Mad  You don cut my weave-on and dread ah You make a boy sick and a boy well ah Nothing my eye see my mouth e don tell ah I enter rain 'cause I give you umbrella  I thought we in this together Give you my necklace pendant Give you my last card you spend am I show you my best friend you friend am I thought we in this together? Give you my necklace pendant Show you my best friend you friend am I give you my last card you spend am  Everything I do I under, under I no fit under, under, under (Me I no fit under oh) Under, under, I no fit understand That thing wey you do me I Under, under I no fit under, under, under Under, under, under, under, I no fit understand  All of my fans I pity for them I don't mind I pick condemn I don't fight the uniform men Oluwa can you fix the problem? Ah, ah-ah  Thunder, thunder, fire that your reason Wey dey give you ginger make you leave me Thunder, thunder, fire that your reason eh Ah  I thought we in this together? Give you my necklace pendant Give you my last card you spend am I show you my best friend you friend am I thought we in this together? Give you my necklace pendant Show you my best friend you friend am I give you my last card you spend am  Everything I do I under, under I no fit under, under, under (Me I no fit under oh) Under, under, I no fit understand That thing wey you do me I Under, under I no fit under, under, under Under, under, under, under, I no fit understand  Under under I no fit under Under, under, under, under, under, under I no fit understand Ah-ah-ah Under under I no fit under Under, under, under, under, under, under I no fit understand I see her She came with her nigga Mmm, but she gon' slide right to my side, I know She pulled up with her friends Then we skrrt off in the Benz, oh Took her back to my crib And I regret it  'Cause she tryna (ay) Fake like she asleep, uh Swear she tried to stay the whole week I'm like, "Oh, nah, she gotta go", uh Ask me her name, I swear I don't even fuckin' know They wanna know why di gyal dem deh pon me? Dem eye green, dem mind just set pon mi? They wanna know why dem love him off so much? Like, what is the reason?  Oh-oh, mmm, it's just the vibe, I'm that guy She put her legs in the sky whenever I Pull up, she got her clothes off from the walk in She won't waste no time, oh She don't want nobody else, I know But I can't be what she wants They all have the same story They all want me to themselves  But I'm a gyalis The city is my palace What I'ma do? 'Cause I want she and she and she And they love them some me I ain't the nigga they gon' say bye to I ain't the nigga you gotta lie to I ain't the nigga that you could trust on speaker when you wit' your people 'Cause you know the timing I'm on  I want she and she and she And they love them some me I can't even speak to all of 'em So I call her on the FaceTime She gon' pick up on the first ring, uh Oo, I got her wrapped around my damn finger I will never tell a soul, oh, no, no Mmm, girl, we grown  Life of a gyalis Ooh (ooh) Nah-nah, yeah  I saw you dancing in a crowded room (uh) You look so happy when I'm not with you But then you saw me, caught you by surprise A single teardrop falling from your eye  I don't know why I run away (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) I'll make you cry when I run away (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  Take me back 'cause I wanna stay Save your tears for another  Save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) Save your tears for another day (mm)  Met you once under a Pisces moon I kept my distance 'cause I know that you Don't like when I'm with nobody else I couldn't help it, I put you through hell  I don't know why I run away (run away, oh, oh, oh, oh) Oh, boy, I'll make you cry when I run away (away, oh, oh, oh, oh)  Boy, take me back 'cause I wanna stay Save your tears for another I realize that it's much too late And you deserve someone better  Save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) Save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  I don't know why I run away (bum, bum, bum, bum, bum) I'll make you cry when I run away (save)  Save your tears for another day (ooh) Ooh, girl (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, okay) I said save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)  Save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) Save your tears for another day (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh) Save your tears for another day Gotta make a move to a town that's right for me Town to keep me movin', keep me groovin' with some energy  Well, I talk about it, talk about it Talk about it, talk about it Talk about, talk about Talk about movin'  Gotta move on Gotta move on Gotta move on  I want you take me to Funkytown Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Gotta make a move to a town that's right for me Town to keep me movin', keep me groovin' with some energy  Well, I talk about it, talk about it Talk about it, talk about it Talk about, talk about Talk about movin'  Gotta move on Gotta move on Gotta move on  I want you take me to Funkytown Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown?  Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown? Won't you take me to Funkytown, yeah?  Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown? Won't you take me down to Funkytown?  (Won't you take me to?) Funkytown (Won't you take me to?) Funkytown (Won't you take me to?) Funkytown (Won't you take me to?) Funkytown  Take me, won't you take me? Take me, won't you take me? Take me (won't you take me to?) Won't you take me? Take me (won't you take me to?) Won't you take me?  I wanna go (won't you take me to?) To Funkytown I wanna go (won't you take me to?) To Funkytown I wanna go (won't you take me to?) To Funkytown, now I wanna go (won't you take me to?) To Funkytown Family Affair - Mary J. Blige Let's get it crunk we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open now ya floatin 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration holleratin 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin' while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 Come on everybody get on up 大家一起来 Cause you know we gots to get it crunk 一起跳舞一起摇滚 Mary J is in the spot tonight 我在这黑夜 As I'mma make it feel alright (Make it feel alright) 抚慰你受伤的心(抚慰你) Come on baby just party with me 来嘛宝贝，一起高兴 Let loose and set your body free 解放你的心灵 Leave your situations at the door 去舞池用力跳！ So when you step inside jump on the floor 你的心正蠢蠢欲动啦 Let's get it crunk we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open now ya floatin' 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration holleratin 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin' while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 It's only gonna be about a matter of time 这只是时间问题 Before you get loose and start loose your mind 在你可以放松开始放松之前 Cop you a drink go head and rock your ice 摇头晃脑，降温一下 Cause we celebrating No More Drama in our life 为了庆祝我们的人生没有戏剧 With a great track pumpin' everybody's jumpin' 让我们大家用力跳 Goin ahead and twist your back and get your body bumpin 大力解放狂野的心 I told you leave your situations at the door 我知道你的心蠢蠢欲动 So grab somebody and get your ass on the dance floor 别当个呆头驴，去舞池用力跳吧！ Let's get it crunk we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open now ya floatin 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration holleratin 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin' while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 We don't need no haters 我们什麼都不需要 Just try to love one another 不要执著於旧情人 We just want y'all have a good time 我们只希望大家都快乐 No more drama in your life 就算人生不再有好梦 Work real hard to make a dime 努力工作但薪水只有一角 If you got beef your problem not mine 如果你有啥麻烦，那可不关我的事 Leave all that BS outside 不要再想那些烦人的东东 We're gonna celebrate all night 我们要整夜狂欢 Let's have fun tonight no fights 今晚大家用力玩，不争吵 Turn the great track way 大家一起高兴 Making you dance all night and I 一起用力跳舞 Got some real heat for ya this time 放开心，不要戒备 Doesn't matter if you're white or black 不管你是白道还是黑道 Let's get crunk cuz Mary's back 大家一起摇滚，因为玛莉来啦！ Let's get it crunk we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open now ya floatin' 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration holleratin' 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin' while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 Let's get it crunk we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open now ya floatin 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration holleratin 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin' while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 Let's get it crunk, we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this, dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open, now ya floatin' 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration, holleratin' 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin', while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 Let's get it crunk, we gon' have fun 让我们一起摇滚，一起找点乐子 Up on in this, dance for me 毫不拘束的为我舞动吧 We got ya open, now ya floatin' 我们玩的飘飘欲仙 So you gots to dance for me 你只要和我一起跳舞 Don't need no hateration, holleratin' 什麼都不要烦恼 In this dance for me 只管一起跳舞 Let's get it percolatin', while you're waiting 什麼都不管它 So just dance for me 只管一起玩，一起舞 Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah, ah, ah Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah  I think about all the time Think you may need all of mine Hate to say you know that love is blind I'm 'bout to see, I'll close my eyes (Truth is) They can't see you in here though Most of them need dollar signs to make Every day your birthday And every night your Valentine  If we tried that we could be Somewhere the climate is warm, long as you around me I swear that everything will be just fine I wish that we could take some time Go anywhere, baby I don't mind Grown man, in my suit and tie  Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I  See my baby know, where my baby go, I go It's no better feeling, you know when I'm next to her for sure It's like you on my mind all day, get this off my chest Ah, damn, I know I love you, I swear your shit the best Friends, they know they hate, get that off my chest Ah, yeah, I think I love you, oh, baby, maybe  If we tried that we could be Somewhere the climate is warm, long as you around me I swear that everything will be just fine I wish that we could take some time Go anywhere, baby I don't mind Grown man, in my suit and tie  Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I  Ooh, da-du-du, du-du Ooh, da-du-du, du-du Ooh, da-du-du, du-du Ooh, da-du-du, du-du  If we tried that we could be Somewhere the climate is warm, long as you around me I swear that everything will be just fine I wish that we could take some time Go anywhere, baby I don't mind Grown man, in my suit and tie  Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I Oh, yeah, ah, yeah, ah, ah, yeah Hey, there's no we without you and I I used think that I wasn't fine enough And I used to think I wasn't wild enough But I won't waste my time tryin' to figure out Why you playin' games, what's this all about?  And I can't believe you're hurting me I met your girl what a difference What you seen in her you ain't seen in me But I guess it was all just make believe  Ooh love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found, I found you  Now you're gone What am I gonna do? So empty my heart, my soul can't go on Go on without you My rainy days fade away  When you come around please tell me baby Why you go so far away, why you go  Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found, I found you Who would have known I'd find you?  Now you're gone What am I gonna do? So empty my heart, my soul can't go on Go on baby without you Rainy days fade away When you come around say you're here to stay with me boy I don't want you to leave me, I, I need you  Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found  Love, never knew what I was missin' But I knew once we start kissin' I found Run, run, running Drive me away, I See 'em come, come, coming Don't wanna stay, wanna stay in Days like, days like this, like this Find a better place in this madness  Trying to escape from them, from them I guess, I guess, I guess  We drive and we disconnect We drive and we disconnect Send my best, no regrets With the wind, I'm gone I guess, I guess We drive and we disconnect  Tell me to stay But I can't, even if I wanted Tell me to lie But I committed too many crimes Let's stay like, stay like this, like this Why can't we remain like this, like this?  Trying to escape from them, from them I guess, I guess, I guess  We drive and we disconnect We drive and we disconnect Send my best, no regrets With the wind, I'm gone I guess, I guess We drive and we disconnect  Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me  We drive and we disconnect We drive and we disconnect Send my best, no regrets With the wind, I'm gone I guess, I guess We drive and we disconnect  Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me Heaven know Look what you do to me You gave me a shoulder when I needed it You showed me love when I wasn't feeling it You helped me fight when I was giving in And you made me laugh when I was losing it  'Cause you are, you are The reason why I'm still hanging on 'Cause you are, you are The reason why my head is still above water  And if I could, I'd get you the moon And give it to you And if death was coming for you I'd give my life for you  'Cause you are, you are The reason why I'm still hanging on 'Cause you are, you are The reason why my head is still above water  And if I could, I'd get you the moon And give it to you And if death was coming for you I'd give my life for you  'Cause you are, you are Oh, you are Oh, you are  You are  'Cause you are, you are The reason why I'm still hanging on 'Cause you are, you are The reason why my head is still above water  And if I could, I'd get you the moon And give it to you And if death was coming for you I'd give my life for you Did you ever want it? Did you want it bad? Oh my, it tears me apart  Did you ever fight it? All of the pain So much pride Running through my veins  Bleeding, I'm bleeding! My cold little heart Oh I, I can't stand myself  And I know in my heart In this cold heart I can live or I can die I believe if I just try You believe in you and I  In you and I In you and I In you and I  Did you ever notice I've been ashamed? All my life I've been playing games  We can try to hide it It's all the same I've been losing you One day at a time  Bleeding, I'm bleeding! My cold little heart Oh I, I can't stand myself  And I know in my heart In this cold heart I can live or I can die I believe if I just try You believe in you and I  In my heart, in this cold heart I can live or I can die I believe if I just try You believe in you and I  In you and I In you and I In you and I In you and I  In you and I In you and I In you and I  Maybe this time I can be strong But since I know who I am I'm probably wrong  Maybe this time I can go far Thinking about where I've been Ain't helping me start Doo doo Doop doop, doop doo doop Doo doo Doop doop, doop doo doop I'm dreaming of a white Christmas, Just like the ones I used to know, Where those treetops glisten, and children listen, To hear sleigh bells in the snow, the snow Then, I-I-I am dreaming of a white Christmas, With every Christmas card I write, May your days, may your days, may your days be merry and bright, And may all your Christmases be white I-I-I am dreaming of a white Christmas, Just like the ones I used to know, Where the treetops glisten, and children listen, To hear sleigh bells in the snow I-I-I am dreaming of a white Christmas, With every Christmas card I write, May those days, may your days, may your days be merry and bright, And may all your Christmases be white Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle bells all the way ooo Romano Hitmaka OG Parker  Sexy motherfucker, you the baddest one (woah) Gave you all my love, that shit been addin' up (woah) We should get away somewhere and run it up (woah) You tryna fall in love  Need you to bring all of your friends and let's fuck it up (fuck) I know you ain't been touched enough (enough) I know you ain't the only one, oh one (one) Need you to bring all of your friends and let's fuck it up (fuck) I know you ain't been touched enough (touched enough, enough) I know you ain't the only one  See you with your friends, you got a Brand new Benz, you got a Nigga blowin' up your phone, you ain't thinkin' 'bout him She just wanna turn up with her girls, get the stress off And I just wanna take her to the room, get that dress off Even though I'm in a good mood, I fuck you like I'm pissed off And don't give me no attitude, you gon' make my dick soft  Heard she wanna fuck me 'cause I'm lit now ('cause I'm lit now) Yeah, heard she wanna fuck me 'cause I'm rich now ('cause I'm rich now) We can link after the club, I got a penthouse Second 'til I shoot it, it comes so fast, I made her get down  She got new ass and new titties, she a ten now She got new ass and new titties, she a ten now Sexy motherfucker  Sexy motherfucker, you the baddest one (woah) Gave you all my love, that shit been addin' up (woah) We should get away somewhere and run it up (woah) I'm tryna fall in love  She got new ass and new titties, she a ten now (yeah) She got new ass and new titties, she a ten now (Toni) Sexy motherfucker  You know I got your back, baby (back) We ain't gotta talk about it (right) Your booty stickin' out, they gotta walk around it Take my queen to King of Diamonds (mmh) PJ, I switch the climate It ain't no seat assignment Doze off, wake up on an island (yeah) I bring your friends so y'all can fuck it up (fuck it up) Rolls and a couple truck I bought a couple zips  I brought some Molly and some shrooms, you think we flew here? Oh, we gon' really trip (trip) Pussy on fingertips (mmh) Yeah, I'ma kiss them lips I'm talkin' both of 'em (both of 'em) I told her, "Ride this dick and I'm the chauffeur" I hit it from the side, then I make her fall off Pussy too wet for me to fuck you on my sofa Mess it up (yeah)  (Sexy, sexy motherfucker, you the baddest one (woah, baddest) Gave you all love that shit been addin' up (woah, it's been addin', baby) We should get away somewhere and run it up (run it up) I'm tryna fall in love  Need you to bring all of your friends and let's fuck it up (fuck it up, fuck it up, woah) I know you ain't been touched enough (fuck it up, fuck it up) I know you ain't the only one, oh one (yeah, fuck it up, fuck it up, woah) Need you to bring all of your friends and let's fuck it up (fuck it up, fuck it up, woah) I know you ain't been touched enough (oh, oh, no) I know you ain't the only one (sexy motherfucker)  Sexy motherfucker Sexy motherfucker Sexy motherf- Sexy motherfucker He left no time to regret Kept his dick wet With his same old safe bet Me and my head high And my tears dry Get on without my guy  You went back to what you knew So far removed From all that we went through And I tread a troubled track My odds are stacked I'll go back to black  We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to I go back to us  I love you much It's not enough You love blow and I love puff And life is like a pipe And I'm a tiny penny Rolling up the walls inside  We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to  We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to  Black, black Black, black Black, black Black I go back to I go back to  We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to  We only said goodbye with words I died a hundred times You go back to her And I go back to black At first I was afraid, I was petrified Thinking I could live without you by my side And after spending nights Thinking how you did me wrong I grew strong And I learned how to get along  Now you're back From outer space And I find you here With that sad look upon your face I should've changed that stupid lock Or made you leave your key If I'd've known for a second You'd be back to bother me  Go on, go, walk out the door Turn around now You're not welcome anymore You're the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye Think I'd crumble? You think I'd lay down and die?  No, not I, I will survive Long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive I've got my life to live And all my love to give and I will survive I, I, I will survive  It took all my strength not to fall apart Trying with all my might to mend my broken heart I spent so many nights feeling sorry for myself How I cried But now I hold my head up high  And you see me, somebody new I'm not that lonely little person Still in love with you Now you come droppin' in Expectin' me to be free Now I'm saving my lovin' For someone who's loving me  Go on and go, walk out the door Turn around now You're not welcome anymore You're the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye Thinkin' I'd crumble Did you think I'd lay down and die?  No, not I, I will survive Long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive I've got my life to live, and all my love to give And I will survive I, I will survive  Go on, go, walk out the door Turn around now You're not welcome anymore You're the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye Think I'd crumble? You think I'd lay down and die?  No, not I, I will survive Long as I know how to love I know I'll stay alive I've got my life to live And all my love to give and I will survive I, I, I will survive Yeah, Rihanna Good Girl Gone Bad Take three, action  Hov, no clouds in my storms Let it rain, I hydroplane into fame Comin' down like the Dow Jones When the clouds come, we gone  We Roc-A-Fellas We fly higher than weather And she flies it better  You know me, in anticipation for precipitation Stack chips for the rainy day Jay, Rain Man is back with Little Miss Sunshine Rihanna, where you at?  You had my heart, and we'll never be worlds apart Maybe in magazines, but you'll still be my star Baby 'cause in the dark, you can't see shiny cars And that's when you need me there With you, I'll always share  Because when the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath, I'ma stick it out to the end  Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella  (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay ay, ay ay)  These fancy things will never come in between You're part of my entity, here for infinity When the war has took its part When the world has dealt its cards If the hand is hard, together we'll mend your heart  Because when the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath, I'ma stick it out to the end  Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella  (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay ay, ay ay)  You can run into my arms It's okay, don't be alarmed, come in to me There's no distance in between our love So go on and let the rain pour I'll be all you need and more  Because when the sun shines, we'll shine together Told you I'll be here forever Said I'll always be your friend Took an oath, I'ma stick it out to the end  Now that it's raining more than ever Know that we'll still have each other You can stand under my umbrella You can stand under my umbrella  (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay) Under my umbrella (Ella ella, ay ay ay ay, ay ay)  It's raining, raining Ooh baby, it's raining, raining Baby, come in to me Come in to me  It's raining, raining Ooh baby, it's raining, raining You can always come here to me Come in to me She was more like a beauty queen from a movie scene I said, "Don't mind, but what do you mean, I am the one" "Who will dance on the floor in the round" She said I am the one Who will dance on the floor in the round  She told me her name was Billie Jean As she caused a scene Then every head turned with eyes that dreamed of being the one Who will dance on the floor in the round  People always told me, "Be careful of what you do" "Don't go around breaking young girls' hearts" (Hee-eeh) And mother always told me, "Be careful of who you love" "And be careful of what you do" (Oh, oh) "'Cause the lie becomes the truth" (Oh, oh)  Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one (Oh, baby) But the kid is not my son, hoo! She says I am the one (Oh, baby) But the kid is not my son (Hee-hee-hee, no, no, hee-hee-hee) Hoo  For 40 days and for 40 nights, I was on her side But who can stand when she's in demand? Her schemes and plans 'Cause we danced on the floor in the round, hee  So take my strong advice Just remember to always think twice (Do think twice) Do think twice (Ah-hoo)  She told my baby we'd danced 'til three, then she looked at me Then showed a photo of a baby crying, his eyes were like mine (Oh, no) 'Cause we danced on the floor in the round, baby (Ooh, hee-hee-hee)  People always told me, "Be careful of what you do" "And don't go around breaking young girls' hearts" (Don't break no hearts) But she came and stood right by me Then the smell of sweet perfume (Oh, no) This happened much too soon (Oh, no) She called me to her room (Hoo)  Billie Jean is not my lover (Hoo) She's just a girl who claims that I am the one But the kid is not my son No-no-no, no-no-no-no-no-no, hoo  Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one (Oh baby) But the kid is not my son (No, no) She says I am the one (Oh, baby) But the kid is not my son (No, hee-hee)  Hee Hoo  She says I am the one, but the kid is not my son No-no-no, hoo (Oh) Billie Jean is not my lover She's just a girl who claims that I am the one But the kid is not my son No-no-no, no-no-no-no  She says I am the one But the kid is not my son (No-no-no) She says I am the one (You know what you did) She says he is my son (Breaking my heart babe) She says I am the one  Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not my lover Billie Jean is not I'm findin' ways to articulate the feeling I'm goin' through I just can't say I don't love you Cause I love you, yeah It's hard for me to communicate the thoughts that I hold But tonight I'm gon' let you know Let me tell the truth Baby, let me tell the truth, yeah  You know what I'm thinkin', see it in your eyes You hate that you want me, hate it when you cry You're scared to be lonely, especially in the night I'm scared that I'll miss you, happens every time I don't want this feelin', I can't afford love I try to find a reason to pull us apart It ain't workin' 'cause you're perfect And I know that you're worth it I can't walk away, (oh)  Even though we're going through it And it makes you feel alone Just know that I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah The distance and the time between us It'll never change my mind 'Cause baby I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah  I'm finding ways to manipulate the feelin' you're going through But baby girl, I'm not blaming you Just don't blame me too, yeah 'Cause I can't take this pain forever And you won't find no one that's better 'Cause I'm right for you, babe I think I'm right for you, babe  You know what I'm thinking, see it in your eyes You hate that you want me, hate it when you cry It ain't workin' 'cause you're perfect And I know that you're worth it I can't walk away  Even though we're going through it And it makes you feel alone Just know that I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah The distance and the time between us It'll never change my mind Cause baby I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah  I would die for you, I would lie for you Keep it real with you, I would kill for you, my baby I'm just sayin', yeah I would die for you, I would lie for you Keep it real with you, I would kill for you, my baby Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na  Even though we're going through it And it makes you feel alone Just know that I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah The distance and the time between us It'll never change my mind Cause baby I would die for you Baby, I would die for you, yeah  Die for you I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give me a reason I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give me a reason  Had to come and flip the script Had a big bone to pick Got the short end of sticks, so we made a fire with it Let it burn to a crisp, now that's a sure fire flip She's a boss, she's a bitch I take that as a compliment  I see 'em moving real low, but leave 'em on a high note Always lead with love Mama raised me thorough They better wake up, niggas on the way up You ain't finna play her  Shawty gon' get that paper Shawty tongue rip like razor Shawty got wit, got flavor Pardon my tits and make-up, uh, uh, pay her Dribble then hit that lay up Shawty ain't with them games, yeah Shawty gon' get that paper, pay her  I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give me a reason I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give, give me  I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give me a reason (I don't think you wanna give me it) I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give, give me  Please proceed to light this bitch up Life ain't fair, you fight for your cut Think I spy your eye on my bucks Great, look, now the lion woke up You're eyeing my shit, inquiring shit Live for the minor event, I finally slip Built on the bodies of men, nobody winning Contain what I'm bottling in just benefits them  Shawty gon' get that paper Shawty tongue rip like razor Shawty got wit, got flavor Pardon my tits and make-up, uh, uh, pay her Dribble then hit that lay up Shawty ain't with them games, yeah Shawty gon' get that paper, pay her  I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give me a reason I been trying not to go off the deep end I don't think you wanna give, give me Yeah, uh  Tell me what you really like Baby, I can take my time We don't ever have to fight Just take it step-by-step I can see it in your eyes 'Cause they never tell me lies I can feel that body shake And the heat between your legs  You've been scared of love and what it did to you You don't have to run, I know what you've been through Just a simple touch and it can set you free We don't have to rush when you're alone with me  I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe  You are not the single type So baby, this the perfect time I'm just trying to get you high (I'm just tryna, babe) And faded off this touch You don't need a lonely night So baby, I can make it right You just got to let me try To give you what you want  You've been scared of love and what it did to you You don't have to run, I know what you've been through Just a simple touch and it can set you free We don't have to rush when you're alone with me  I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe  You've been scared of love and what it did to you You don't have to run, I know what you've been through Just a simple touch and it can set you free We don't have to rush when you're alone with me  I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe (I know what you feel right now) I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe  (Know what you say right now, babe) I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe (I know what you say right now, babe) I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe I feel it coming, I feel it coming, babe  I feel it coming, babe  I feel it coming, babe  I feel it coming, babe  I feel it coming, babe