Rock Song by Markov Chains
------------------------------------------
Rules, played all the only one more than ever seen the dark We're half way.
To the dance again All the thunder? You had a time, I want to the.
"what could have to sweep me make your love  It's the time, I need.
Wants to my mind You'd better just cause for redemption I'm back to open my.
Men or we go Home (you), home her home  Cause all But now, I've.
Cat's in black Yes I'm in the time I just smiled and that's where the.
Mean to New Orleans They don't know But in 12:30 flight The past is jumpin'.
Then the devil, who's searching for lovin' me Sing for Venus and get it when.
Purge my vein, like you look around, bright eyes Every move you a chance To.
Sinner, wanna have fun (they just let me Spit your loving you do what's the.
Nine lives in the scene He's gotta be sunshine I'm on his life  I'm.
Run I wanna know I'm back Yes I'm Beggin, beggin you I'm sure that .
So, any lies For love you," and get your arms tonight It ain't me, for.
Missed opportunities, am feeling  Acting on the hint of the dead  Love is.
Explain in my way  The final countdown) (Oh) (Now that I hear the price.
Shot!!  All the land down to me I'm back your love is closing in.
Blew our minds  (Every vow you  The storm I was just wanna be.
(oh, girls) (Girls just beyond my life grows colder  You know What I know.
Comes true All these punks got to me anymore Not that  Somewhere just wanna.
Quiet conversation She's got nowhere left you said Oh! Don't you left And if you.
Right?" Oh girls, they just for pleasure It ain't me to go wrong? Hey hey.
'em "How much to Gorky Park Listening to find When I can't get enough of.
Lived this lonely life to think you've got to show me a fit of kiss.
Departments of tomorrow Carry on, dream of endless pleasure Nothing ever seen the wind of.
Chief" Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, hoo, hoo And you'll find you find you step you.
Rising Sun And I will be watching you ever And I just for the comfort.
Lookin' at me out its warning In the neon light He's down on me up.
Point the storm and all  What was just cause for redemption And I, I.
Sing for me in a time I'm lying in my life's in the time to.
Pride and get enough  Oh, girls Some folks are  I, I keep it.
Among the land down on the police, (WHAT?!) the morning light years have fun) Girls,.
Given So you since this  Oh, nothing that it cry If I will eventually.
