AI Country Song by Markov Chains
------------------------------------------
Hell I'm your problems disappear We say never with a rainbow hangin' over your folks.
Skirts you weren't doin' it all goes away It's been on Wings of my eyes.
Chasing falling stars On that I was just right back then we made me And.
Got a picture of the way to feel good If I ever see is sparkling,.
A-mingle in my horse to put a couple of me on a couple more, 'cause.
Sun on your face All that you'll stay out in your skin, 6 a.m. And.
Slow dancin' (slow dancin')  High heel lady Men's shirts, short skirts you never come.
Live forever wondering if you know how to tell ya This is run to me?.
Thanks to getting by real quick remarks Like a cold hard ground The twisted hand.
Pot But when you 'Cause I never wanted to do I'll spend forever With no.
Dirt (Yes'sir) You would think about back is happy I ain't crying, that's on and.
Days when your stockings and on Nicorette Trying not that girl  If I been.
Dressed for me Let's go by It's junked out in my head, got you) You.
Again But heaven with the street Pretty woman, walkin' back is you love Nick Saban.
Ground Oh, what I stay right down On that you're still be Knoxville, Tennessee But.
Kiss me, you again Let me And freedom was a country boy's all that Pontiac.
Some Alabama-jamma, she kissed me too clean Golly, goodness me will you walked in Trouble,.
Blitzen and rain coming around Still talkin' about the clouds, makes you  Singing oh,.
Romance, we all I can't tell your wildest Dreams, she's everything right down the reason.
List of it all over what you should probably leave me will you and gets.
A-wondering why not?" What in my drawl, and pulled out when they got a round.
Alabama-jamma, she makes me she my old places I'd be better life And yawn and.
Barkin' My faith in Baton Rouge when you A storm's runnin' through Buddy, that's on.
Worries I'll spend forever With you got something on a carnival ride 'til the law.
Dust and livin' for a dart board Them cinder block walls ain't fair The quarterback.
Right now and they ain't found me, I need a million other by Pretty woman,.
He's got my home (all the state that I know how I've looked for a.
Shoot tequila" So close your plans I lost on a legend at the very first.
Land And when I kick on the lights, see is happy I wish that won't.
Street Pretty woman that girl I ain't saddled up and the clouds roll by some.
Her then I said  Your eyes on down My girl next door Soundtrack was.
Figuring out No, there ain't saddled up To rock the end up together still be.
